Expand security section and prune dead link (#79)
tikv/website: content/docs/3.0/tasks/configure/security.md

## Transport Layer Security (TLS)

Transport Layer Security is an standard protocol for protecting networking communications from tampering or inspection. TiKV uses OpenSSL, an industry standard, to implement it's TLS encryption.

It's often necessary to use TLS in situations where TiKV is being deployed or accessed from outside of a secure virtual local area network (VLAN).  This includes deployments which cross the WAN (the public internet), are part of an untrusted datacenter network, or where other untrustworthy users or services are active.

> Before you get started, review your infrastructure. Your organization may already use something like the [Kubernetes certificates API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tls/managing-tls-in-a-cluster/) to issue certificates. You will need a **Certificate Authority** certificate, a unique **certificates** and **keys** for each TiKV or PD service, and one or many certificates for TiKV clients depending on your needs. If you have these, you can skip the optional section below.

Reviewer: > a **Certificate Authority** certificate, a unique **certificates** and **keys** for each TiKV or PD service

Not sure I follow here - a unique **certificates** and **keys** equal to  a **Certificate Authority** certificate?
```

Author: I think I found a more clear way to say this :)

> Before you get started, review your infrastructure. Your organization may already use something like the [Kubernetes certificates API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tls/managing-tls-in-a-cluster/) to issue certificates. You will need a **Certificate Authority** (CA) certificate, the key for that CA certificate, as well as individual unique **certificates**, and **keys** for each TiKV or PD service, and one or many certificates for TiKV clients depending on your needs. If you have these, you can skip the optional section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you get started

Before you get started, review your infrastructure. Your organization may already use something like the [Kubernetes certificates API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tls/managing-tls-in-a-cluster/) to issue certificates. You will need to verify the following in your deployment:

-  **Certificate Authority** (CA) certificate and the key for it
-  Individual unique **certificates** and **keys** for each TiKV or PD service
-  One or many certificates for TiKV clients depending on your needs

 If you have these, you can skip the optional section below.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure TLS for TiKV

```

Author: This seems like a duplicate of the above heading?

Reviewer: Sorry I totally forgot about this PR. This heading is intended as a second level that includes the configuration steps. The one above - actually I suggest we remove it. I looked at other docs in the repo and they don't have a 2nd level heading at the beginning of the document.

Author: The optional section below has nothing to do with configuring TiKV though, it's just how to roll keys for any application.

> If your organization doesn't yet have a public key infrastructure (PKI) you can create a simple Certificate Authority then issue certificates for the services in your deployment. Below, you can see how to do this in a few relatively quick steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization doesn't yet have a public key infrastructure (PKI), you can create a simple Certificate Authority to issue certificates for the services in your deployment. The instructions below show you how to do this in a few quick steps:
```

### Optional: Generate a test certificate chain

Prepare certificates for each TiKV and PD node to be involved with the cluster.

It is recommended to prepare a separate server certificate for TiKV and the Placement Driver (PD), and make sure that they can authenticate each other. The clients of TiKV and PD can share one client certificate.

You can use multiple tools to generate self-signed certificates, such as `openssl`, `easy-rsa`, and `cfssl`.

Here is an example of generating self-signed certificates using [`easyrsa`](https://github.com/OpenVPN/easy-rsa/):

```bash
#! /bin/bash
set +e

mkdir -p easyrsa
cd easyrsa
curl -L https://github.com/OpenVPN/easy-rsa/releases/download/v3.0.6/EasyRSA-unix-v3.0.6.tgz \
    | tar xzv --strip-components=1

./easyrsa init-pki \
    && ./easyrsa build-ca nopass

NUM_PD_NODES=3
for i in $(seq 1 $NUM_PD_NODES); do
    ./easyrsa gen-req pd$i nopass
    ./easyrsa sign-req server pd$i
done

NUM_TIKV_NODES=3
for i in $(seq 1 $NUM_TIKV_NODES); do
    ./easyrsa gen-req tikv$i nopass
    ./easyrsa sign-req server tikv$i
done

./easyrsa gen-req client nopass
./easyrsa sign-req server client
```

> If you run this script you'll need to interactively answer some questions and make some confirmations, you can answer anything for the CA common name, and for the PD and TiKV nodes you should use the hostnames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run this script, you'll need to interactively answer some questions and make some confirmations. You can answer with anything for the CA common name.  For the PD and TiKV nodes, you should use the hostnames.
```

> If you run this script, you'll need to interactively answer some questions and make some confirmations. You can answer with anything for the CA common name.  For the PD and TiKV nodes, you should use the hostnames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run this script, you'll need to interactively answer some questions and make some confirmations. You can answer with anything for the CA common name. For the PD and TiKV nodes, use the hostnames.
```

{{< info >}}
You can explore the `easyrsa/vars.example` file if you are hoping to write an unattended script.
{{< /info >}}

> After, you should have something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the script runs successfully, you should have something like this:
```

> ## Transport Layer Security (TLS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Suggest removing this as commented below
